-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Font: Free 3 of 9 Barcode (free3of9.ttf)
Created By: Matthew Welch
E-Mail: daffy-duck@worldnet.att.net
Web Address: http://home.att.net/~daffy-duck
             (PGP public key available here)

Free 3 of 9, like all of my fonts, is free.  You can use it for most
personal or business uses you'd like, and I ask for no money.  I
would, however, like to hear from you.  If you use my fonts for
something please send me a postcard or e-mail letting me know how
you used it.  Send me a copy if you can or let me know where I can
find your work.

You may use this font for graphical or printed work, but you may not
sell it or include it in a collection of fonts (on CD or otherwise)
being sold. You can redistribute this font as long as you charge
nothing to receive it. If you redistribute it include this text file
with it as is (without modifications).

If you use this font for commercial purposes please credit me in
at least some little way.

About the font:

Can you believe there are people who would charge you for a barcode
font like this?  It took very little time to make this so I thought
I'd donate it to the world.  It is suitable for scanning even at
fairly small point sizes (with a laser printer).  I have tested
printed copies of this font with a couple different scanners and it
worked perfectly.

This is 3 of 9 (sometimes called "code 39"), a widely used barcode
standard that includes capital letters, numbers, and several symbols.
This is not the barcode for UPC's (universal price codes) found on
products at the store.  However, most kinds of barcode scanners will
recognize 3 of 9 just fine.

To create a valid 3 of 9 barcode you have to begin and end it with
a special character.  Scanners look for this character to know
where to start and stop reading the barcode.  It is represented in
this font with the '*' character.  So, to create a barcode for the
text "ABC123" you have to type out "*ABC123*".  Note that barcode
readers will not include the *'s in the text they return.  They will
just give you the "ABC123".

Two versions of 3 of 9 are included. The font called "Free 3 of 9" is
the basic 3 of 9 standard. It includes letters and these symbols: $ %
+ - . and /. The font called "Free 3 of 9 Extended" covers the
extended 3 of 9 standard. It includes all the ASCII characters.

Special note to MS Word users: There is a default setting in Word
that changes text surrounded by *'s into bold text. This setting must
be disabled for these fonts to work, otherwise the * characters that
are necessary for the barcode to scan properly will be lost and the
thickness of the bars will be altered. I have a copy of Word '97. The
setting might be found in a different place in other versions but
this is how I disabled it. From the Tools menu open the AutoCorrect
dialog box. On the AutoFormat tab uncheck the box for "*Bold* and
_underline_"


-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PGPfreeware 6.5.8 for non-commercial use <http://www.pgp.com>

iQA/AwUBOmY8/uEM8BJ4ZA+2EQLSDgCgqHT1WtBW34v7JAQr4+1zCzUaeGgAn2uu
stjL0d7RVR5C5p2zpks371e9
=jqNv
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
